Themes: update info about 'data-theme' (#5053)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/60 Themes and Styles/05 Predefined Themes/60 Switch Between Themes at Runtime/2 Without Page Reload.md

            <!-- ... -->
        </head>

1. Use the [DevExpress.ui.themes.current(themeName)](/api-reference/50%20Common/utils/ui/themes/current(themeName).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/utils/ui/themes/#currentthemeName') method to switch to another theme. 

> The method accepts the `data-theme` attribute's value. For example, if you want to switch to `dx.generic.dark`, use the `generic.dark` (without the 'dx' prefix) as an argument in the method. For a custom theme, specify the theme you used as a base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method accepts the `data-theme` attribute value. For example, if you want to switch to `dx.generic.dark`, pass `generic.dark` (without the 'dx' prefix) as an argument in the method. For a custom theme, specify the theme you used as a base.
```

Reviewer: Since you're talking about an argument, note that I changed "use" to "pass". Is it technically correct, or is "use" better?

Author: "Pass" is okay, didn't think of it. Thanks!
